[docs] improve descriptions for our APIs, and add videos (#6570)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/splash-screen.md

---
title: SplashScreen
sourceCodeUrl: 'https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/sdk-36/packages/expo/src/launch/SplashScreen.ts'
---

> The `SplashScreen` module tells Expo to keep the splash screen visible until you make it hide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SplashScreen` module tells Expo to keep the splash screen visible until you choose to hide it. This is useful to do some work behind the scenes before displaying your app and to create transitions for your splash screen, so you can have it fade out or slide away, for example.
```
